I've decided to revisit inbox note whenever there are collected at least 5 notes. After that I'll plan revisiting.

Feel a little disappointment because of my language of choice. I know that this is because of my weakness and if I was a more powerful and skillful developer I would overcome of problems with lua. But unfortunately hehe I'm struggling with the following:
- I constantly feel sad about overall performance. I can't fully be patient about it. I think I will do profiling after the end of development of love player.
- Often I can't create bindings for c/c++ libs. This is the most annoying one. Pure skill issue, but still a headache

I know that switching won't help. I hate dealing with c/cpp compilation and debugging. Such a mess with error messages. But how satisfying is C... Holy moly, I love how C feels and looks. May be I'll give it a chance in some small projects. I will test everything it's 100%. I want:
- C + raylib
- C + opengl
- C + metal
- C + vulkan
- zig + raylib
- zig + ...

And may be some day cpp or c# :)

And may be I'll stick with lua. To be honest it will be so cool if I create a framework on c/zig with opengl/metal and lua as a scripting language. Wooow, this is to cool for me right now, don't how to do this, sooo may be later :)

As I said yesterday I will think about the situation with technologies I'm currently using.

---

Fucking hell, zig's c understanding is awesome. It actually can be used without need of bindings. Insanely cool! May be zig is slightly higher in my rating of future plans for now :)